Workday Kim Edits (#367)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/workday/workday-connector.adoc

Workday Connector Version 11.0.0

> The Anypoint Connector for Workday (Workday Connector) provides access to standard Workday operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Connector for Workday (Workday Connector) provides access to standard Workday operations.
```

> Workday is a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) solution developed by Workday Inc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workday is a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) solution developed by Workday, Inc.
```

> It consists of a set of management applications, covering several areas like human resources management, staffing, recruiting, and performance management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It consists of a set of software applications for financial and human capital management, such as human resources, staffing, recruiting, and performance.
```
